TELCODOCS-1385 - Update docs for 4.14 RAN RDS (#64278)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-ran-local-storage-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-du-components.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-ran-local-storage-operator_{context}"]
= Local Storage Operator

Description::
You can create persistent volumes that can be used as `PVC` resources by applications with the Local Storage Operator.
The number and type of `PV` resources that you create depends on your requirements.

Engineering considerations::
* Create backing storage for `PV` CRs before creating the `PV`.
This can be a partition, a local volume, or full disk.

> * Use `/dev/disk/by-path/xxx` specifications for device listing in `LocalVolume` CRs to ensure correct allocation of disks and partitions.

Reviewer: suggestion to remove the `xxx` templated path in favor of a description:
```suggestion
* Refer to the device listing in `LocalVolume` CRs by the hardware path used to access each device to ensure correct allocation of disks and partitions.
```

> Logical names (for example, `/dev/sda`) are not guaranteed to be consistent across node reboots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logical names (for example, `/dev/sda`) are not guaranteed to be consistent across node reboots.
For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/managing_file_systems/assembly_overview-of-persistent-naming-attributes_managing-file-systems#device-identifiers_assembly_overview-of-persistent-naming-attributes[{op-system-base} 9 documentation on device identifiers].
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-du-components.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-ran-local-storage-operator_{context}"]
= Local Storage Operator

Description::
You can create persistent volumes that can be used as `PVC` resources by applications with the Local Storage Operator.
The number and type of `PV` resources that you create depends on your requirements.

Engineering considerations::
* Create backing storage for `PV` CRs before creating the `PV`.

> This can be a partition, a local volume, or full disk.

Reviewer 2: Or LVM volume
